Does anyone else find it interesting that the authorities within Egypt are
hoping that the newly found Acropolis of underground mummies will increase the
tourism within the country ever since it plummeted in the last several years,
following wars and all kinds of political turmoil. I mean,
you may remember the stories that made international headway around the world
about two hidden chambers within the great pyramid of Giza that were allegedly
to be excavated. And here we are more than a year and a half later,
and they haven't even looked into it at all. Allegedly, wait a second.
Why would I say allegedly, I'll get into that in a second. First.
Let me just share with you about these mummies.
And this will only take a second, cuz it's really not that interesting.
<laugh> so in the deserts of Egypt,
they have found at least 17 mummies underground, uh,
approximately seven meters down and there's at least 17,
possibly 30. And for some reason they claim that they're 2300 years old,
even though they've done no testing whatsoever, there's no evidence. I mean,
they didn't provide any type of scientific evidence to back up that claim of
being 2300 years old. Now, why would I find that? Interesting? Well,
they've made up stories about, uh, timetables before haven't they, I mean,
look at the case of the great spans.
If you're not aware more than 200 professional geologists from numerous
countries around the world have visited the great span.
And this stated that the evidence is overwhelmingly conclusive,
that there is tens of thousands of years of water erosion on the limestone
bedrock that encloses the Finks.
That's interesting because Egyptologists are adamant that the true age of the
Finks is only a few thousand years old between three and 4,000 years old.
In fact,
when the last time the Nile Delta was received enough substantial rainfall to
cause this type of water erosion around the limestone bedrock was more than
7,000 years ago, which is more than double the age of the Finks. I mean,
nevermind that the pharaohs literally etched in stone,
detailed lineage of the pharaohs dating back more than 30,000 years,
which Egyptologists say is, is,
and obviously they were wrong and it's symbolism of something else. Okay.
Now getting back real quick to the two hidden chambers and how I mentioned that,
allegedly, they hadn't looked into it.
Keep in mind that back between 1993 and 2002,
there was an incident where they went looking through a tunnel shaft system
within the great pyramid to look behind a hidden doorway.
And even though the Egyptian government adamantly claimed that nobody had
excavated this site in the years between it doesn't seem to explain the fact
that there's a broken and missing bronze handle. That was on that stone in 1993.
Now keep in mind, they state that the Egyptian military guards, the entire site,
24 7 guys, let's be real.
The Egyptian authorities have gotten in there silently secretly. I mean,
they could do it at night and nobody would ever know otherwise. Right.
Why else would they be so shady about this stuff?
I mean the last ancient wonder of the world that is shrouded in so much mystery,
they have evidence that there's two hidden chambers and a year and a half later,
they haven't even gone looking into it. How stupid is that? I mean, why,
what <laugh>, don't just blame corruption in, in a slow, uh,
paperwork process in Egypt. No, no, no, no, no. They are lying to us. You know,
this reminds me,
there's been many compelling arguments brought forward by many people suggest
that there are two subterranean chambers below the great Finks yet the Egyptian
government refuses to go looking into it. I mean,
really they can't just drill a hole and, and take a peak.
It's funny how they get so apprehensive about that and the true age of this
Finks. Why is that? And this,
I forget just how likely these two underground chambers really are. I,
you're not aware there is a massive underground tunnel system within the Giza
plateau. In fact,
there are numerous shafts carved into solid limestone bedrock,
many of which are completely symmetrical and P plummet more than a hundred feet
down. And they're completely unexplainable.
Nobody knows what these shafts were used for.
And some of these are actually pretty close to the great figs.
As you can see there in the background. And by the way,
you can see pictures of Brian Forrester in these photos and he took these
photos.
So be sure to check out Brian Forrester's YouTube page and his website hit
incur.com. So to bring all this together, what am I suggesting here?
I'm not suggesting that nobody goes to visit Egypt. In fact,
it would be great if the tourism increased because more people need to go to
sites and see that holy crap,
what we were taught in school about ancient Egypt and human civilization is so
full of holes.
And it's not until you actually look at what Egypt has to offer aside from just
pictures of the pyramids that you start to understand that there was some sort
of lost ancient high technology and that ancient humans were far more advanced
than we ever realized.
And date back far earlier than what we were taught in school. Anyways,
I'll leave it at that. I'm Jimmy, this is bright insight. I can subscribe.
I have many other videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics. Take care,
everybody.